[Logs] Update Instant Logs filters (#14442)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/logs/instant-logs.md

{{<feature-table id="analytics.instant_logs">}}

## Instant Logs via Cloudflare Dashboard

> 1. Select the [zone](/fundamentals/setup/accounts-and-zones/#zones) you want to use with Instant Logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select the [zone](/fundamentals/setup/accounts-and-zones/#zones) you want to use with Instant Logs.
```

Reviewer: It's a standard we use in the documentation.

2. Go to **Analytics** > **Instant Logs**.

> 3. Click **Start streaming**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Start streaming**.
```

Author: No big difference, I can change if this really matters.

> 4. (optional) Click **Add filter** to narrow down the events to be shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (optional) Select **Add filter** to narrow down the events to be shown.
```

Fields supported in our [HTTP requests dataset](/logs/reference/log-fields/zone/http_requests/) can be used when you add filters. Some fields with additional subscriptions required are not supported in the dashboard, you will need to use CLI instead.

> *Once a filter is selected and the stream has started, only log lines that match the filter criteria will appear. Filters are not applied retroactively to logs already showing in the dashboard.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a filter is selected and the stream has started, only log lines that match the filter criteria will appear. Filters are not applied retroactively to logs already showing in the dashboard.
```

{{</Aside>}}

- **Filters** - Use filters to drill down into specific events. Filters consist of three parts: key, operator and value.

> All supported operators can be found at our [Filters](/logs/reference/filters/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All supported operators can be found in the [Filters](/logs/reference/filters/) page.
```

Below we have three examples of filters:

```bash
# Filter when client IP country is not Canada:
"filter":"{\"where\":{\"and\":[{\"key\":\"ClientCountry\",\"operator\":\"neq\",\"value\":\"ca\"}]}}"
```

```bash
# Filter when the status code returned from Cloudflare is either 200 or 201:
"filter":"{\"where\":{\"and\":[{\"key\":\"EdgeResponseStatus\",\"operator\":\"in\",\"value\":\"200,201\"}]}}"
```

```bash

> # Filter when the request path contains "/static" and the request hostname is "theburritobot.com":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Filter when the request path contains "/static" and the request hostname is "example.com":
```

> "filter":"{\"where\":{\"and\":[{\"key\":\"ClientRequestPath\",\"operator\":\"contains\",\"value\":\"/static\"}, {\"where\":{\"and\":[{\"key\":\"ClientRequestHost\",\"operator\":\"eq\",\"value\":\"theburritobot.com\"}]}}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"filter":"{\"where\":{\"and\":[{\"key\":\"ClientRequestPath\",\"operator\":\"contains\",\"value\":\"/static\"}, {\"where\":{\"and\":[{\"key\":\"ClientRequestHost\",\"operator\":\"eq\",\"value\":\"example.com\"}]}}"
```
